at oasis outsourcing slash solvo global so basically oasis and solvo are more of one and
the same thing where solvo being a colombian based company partnered with oasis outsourcing
to be able to source for talent here in kenya and outsource them to our said clients
who are mainly based in the u.s and even for this position you're applying for
the client is mainly based in the u.s that's why working hours are at night okay
right okay great so maybe could you tell me a little bit about yourself
your previous experiences and why you feel you're a good fit for the client
solutions associate role with us all right so my name is rafael kamonga and i've been a customer
service assistant for about two years now i have worked in three companies namely cci i've worked
in module and in influx most recently while i was at cci so i'll start up with cci i was working
under instacart that's a food delivery service i was basically uh resolving issues for customers
who didn't get their orders right and i would basically be engaged in giving them appeasements
just um kind of rebuilding and reinsuring the customers rebuilding their trust for the company
essentially um and i did that for about a year that was a year from june 2023 to june 2024.
after that i got to majorelle i was working for amazon while at majorelle and which was pretty much the
same thing uh for delivery of various packages various products and i was receiving inbound and
outbound calls doing emails um social media as well just guiding the customers on how to use the service
if they had any issues i would resolve them and then after after that i finished that was june
24 to august 24 and i moved on to influx so once at influx i was kind of still in customer service but
this time in tail sales i was working with sephora a beauty company and through through that experience
i got to cross sell different products and it was it was a wonderful experience i interacted with
various tools like gorgeous and shopify and i kind of got to manage the accounts you know just besides
resolving customer issues like before i was now kind of playing a role in the sales of
various products actively so that's been my experience okay just a minute i'm typing some things down
all right okay so uh with that experience um i just wanted to know maybe um what's your process of
handling um you rate customers i rate customers right so the first thing i usually want to do is get
into their shoes because i usually picture myself being on the other side of the call
and i have been on the other side of the call i have been a customer for delivery services and
sometimes things don't go my way and i really want to feel understood so that's my first step
just getting to hear the problem making sure that i've properly mirrored the problem back to them
just making sure i've understood every detail and then resolving it in the best way i can and again
reassuring them of the the processes i've done every step i've done so that they have a guidance about
the business process because i feel like many customers don't understand the business process and
it's it's our job to just you know reassure them and that's how i'd resolve it okay so um how do you
prioritize tasks when managing multiple platforms and responsibilities right so that would be from
most agent to least agent uh there are some that are really time-bound that you really need to deal with
uh but at the same time you really just need to get all of them done so it's just from most agent to
least agent okay so um do you have any experience with onboarding new customers or um clients in a
system or something of the sort yes yes uh i think throughout my experiences even from cci madrel and
implux i've had kind of like the experience of getting them onto new products like if we have
like new promotions we would tell them that if you refer someone for example you start to get these
benefits if you purchase this project product you tend to get this discount so through that we would get
new customers okay so um also maybe um maybe what tools or methods do you use to track track and report
operational performances operational performances yeah right so through zendesk uh for example zendesk
we would be able to track we would be able to track customers orders for example if someone
doesn't like have have the order we would be able to get back to the driver and do such things uh
also gorgeous did integrate some statistical tools that we we would use to kind of check if all the
emails have been answered all the criteria has been met so yes in a nutshell that's what i would
describe as a way to analyze okay so also can you give an example of how you have improved a process or
customer experience in any of your previous roles right so that would be i don't recall when i was in the
missing order department uh when i was back at cci i think that's the most memorable one there used to
be lots of missing orders and you know some some of the customers would be genuine and some of them
wouldn't be and you know through flagging these things as you document i kind of like showed the
company uh that you need a way of like verifying these things and i remember the integrated signatures
just to like make sure people are being genuine about their problems and their issues so
in a way i i feel like i did help among the people i was kind of working with
and yeah that's that's what i could say okay so uh do you have any questions for me before we proceed
i don't think i have uh any questions i think you've pretty much clarified many things
on the call i do understand this is a new work environment i'm just excited i
i i i honestly just hope for the best yeah that's great let's hope for the best as well
so uh i just wanted to know um considering um i can see with influx you stayed with them for um
almost uh for over an year right now so what really prompted you to um want to transition from working
with them to come and work with us here at oasis outsourcing right it was it was a year so like
my contract was on the bend i had stated before like i was done with them in august so that's that's
a year already and i kind of wanted to just move on to a new environment such as oasis i've looked you
looked you up online and it's a wonderful prospective job honestly and a great work environment to interact
with okay so uh in terms of work environment and uh team culture what are you basically um looking for
like my expectations about the work environment yeah and uh team culture as well i'm pretty open i i
like to manage my expectations when it comes to different work environment because that comes with
company policy but i prefer like a vibrant place kind of a smooth flowing a place in which
it's it's easy to get around easy to communicate what you feel is great for the team easy to also
perceive uh people's ideas i really like an open communication type of environment but in in a nutshell
i'm i'm open i'm open to anything i'm adaptable okay so um i can see in the campus you did uh
bachelor of arts in communication so why the interest um maybe to grow into customer service and
maybe why did you take up the career in customer service as well right so while in strathmore that's
why i took my bachelor of arts in communication i specialized in pr so public relations building and
maintaining customer relations that's why i really fell in fell in love with customer service because
it just repeatedly does that and it instills this reliable reliable nature around businesses which i
really like i would like as a customer to be able to trust a company why not be in the back end of that
and enable smooth flow of business processes all right that's great so um in terms of career growth
maybe where do you see yourself the next coming five years and how can this position help you get that
right so i would see let's talk about the context within this company i would see myself as
you know someone who's still on the ground a supervisor or an operations manager who kind of
sees things at a broader scale but still gets to interact with you know the internal stakeholders
even people at the desk um i'm i pretty want to have my hands still all over the company while
kind of kind of growing up there okay so uh in terms of questions i think i'm done maybe if you have
any other question for me uh i think you've asked and i've answered everything
uh i don't think i have any other questions oh okay great so uh were you able to do the simulations i
shared with you yes yes i did i did uh it did tell me that the results have gone through so yeah yeah
usually get the results on my end so let me just try and check on the sim um if you're successful i'll
guide you on the next step of which you'll have to do some sort of a video recording for the client so
basically for this it's just like the introduction part of your cv showcasing your strengths and why
you feel you're a good fit for the role and company as well and uh yeah so with the video and uh maybe
the simulation results i'll be able to submit your profile to the client so feedback should take around
a week um but um these clients have been a bit um unresponsive so we're trying to push on our end so it
might take a bit longer but uh we'll i'll try and uh push on maybe uh from tomorrow since i'll be
having a meeting with uh my team leader so let's just hope for the best and um to get uh feedback as
soon as possible okay all right uh just a question uh about the video will i have to are you sending
this video or will i have to get on for another video no you'll just do the video on your own you can
record with your phone camera laptop camera so from my end i'll just share a couple of guidelines
that will help you present yourself professionally and maybe know what to say and um yeah i think
that will help out a lot all right okay okay so um that's all i had for today thank you so much for
joining in i really appreciate it so i'll be reaching out in a few i know you had texted me on
whatsapp earlier so let me check on the results after the call and then i'll let you know all
right thank you so much for your time musa i really appreciate it you're very much welcome and enjoy
your afternoon and the rest of your day all right you too bye-bye bye-bye